Edited codelab for CDS (#4228)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/codelab-sign-in-form-best-practices/index.md

As you'll see, these elements enable built-in browser functionality, improve 
accessibility, and add meaning to your markup.

1. Click Remix to edit to make the project editable.

2. Add the following code to the `<body>` element:

  ```html
  <form action="#" method="post">
    <h1>Sign in</h1>
    <section>
      <label>Email</label>
      <input>
    </section>
    <section>
      <label>Password</label>
      <input>
    </section>
    <button>Sign in</button>
  </form>
  ```

   Here's how your `index.html` file should look at this point:

  {% Glitch {
    id: 'sign-in-form-codelab-1',

>     path: 'index.html',
>     height: 480

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    path: 'index.html',
    previewSize: 0,
    height: 480
```

  } %}

3. Click **View App** to preview your sign-in form.
The HTML that you added is valid and correct, but the default browser styling
makes it looks terrible and hard to use, especially on mobile devices.

4. Click **View Source** to return to your source code.

## 2. Design for fingers and thumbs

Adjust padding, margins, and font sizes to ensure that your inputs work well on mobile. 

1. Copy the following CSS and paste it into your `style.css` file:

  {% Glitch {
    id: 'sign-in-form-codelab-2',

>     path: 'style.css'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    path: 'style.css'
    previewSize: 0,
```

2. Add the following code to the `<body>` element:

  ```html
  <form action="#" method="post">
    <h1>Sign in</h1>
    <section>
      <label>Email</label>
      <input>
    </section>
    <section>
      <label>Password</label>
      <input>
    </section>
    <button>Sign in</button>
  </form>
  ```

   Here's how your `index.html` file should look at this point:

  {% Glitch {
    id: 'sign-in-form-codelab-1',
    path: 'index.html',
    height: 480

>   } %}

Author: The numbering kept resetting after each code block. I looked into this and it seems that we need to indent the code blocks for Markdown to realize that the code blocks are part of the previous list item. I made this change here and throughout the codelab.

The CSS layout is mobile-first:

* The default CSS is for viewports less than 450 pixels wide.
* The media query section sets overrides for viewports that are at least 450 pixels wide.

When building your own form like this, it's very important at this point in the process to
test your code on real devices on desktop and mobile:

> * Is label and input text readable, especially for people with poor vision?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Is label and input text readable, especially for people with low vision?
```
`poor` is not the preferred term according to people with this condition

Author: Will replace with "bad."

Reviewer: "bad" is also not the correct term. It's "low".

Reviewer: General rule: use the term that the people affected by this condition (or any) have chosen for themselves: https://www.afb.org/blindness-and-low-vision/eye-conditions/low-vision-and-legal-blindness-terms-and-descriptions

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4713486/101554587-c2f43400-396b-11eb-8193-53a968069777.png)

When building your own form like this, it's very important at this point in the process to
test your code on real devices on desktop and mobile:

> * Is label and input text readable, especially for people with bad vision?

Author: Changed "poor" to "bad."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Is label and input text readable, especially for people with low vision?
```

   operating system might show stored emails above the keyboard. All of this happens because the `type="email"` attribute is applied to an `<input>` element.

  <figure class="w-figure">
    <img class="w-screenshot w-screenshot--filled" 
         src="email-keyboard.png" 
         alt="The default email keyboard on iOS.">
  </figure>

4. Type some text into the password input. 

   The text is hidden by default because the `type="password"` attribute has been applied to the element.

* The `autocomplete`, `name`, `id`, and `type` attributes help browsers understand 
the role of inputs in order to store data that can be used later for autofill. 

5. Focus the email input on a desktop device and type some text. 

   You can see the URL of your app when you click **Fullscreen** ![The Fullscreen icon](/images/glitch/fullscreen.svg). If you stored any email addresses in your 
   browser, you probably see a dialog that lets you select from those stored emails. This happens because the `autocomplete="username"` attribute applied to the 
   email input.

* `autocomplete="username"` and `autocomplete="current-password"` help browsers use 
stored values to autofill the inputs.

{% Aside %}

> For email inputs, use `autocomplete="username"` because `username` is recognized 

Author: Inserted space before "because."

       alt="The default email keyboard on iOS.">
</figure>

4. Type some text into the password input. 

The text is hidden by default because the `type="password"` attribute has been applied to the element.

* The `autocomplete`, `name`, `id`, and `type` attributes help browsers understand 
the role of inputs in order to store data that can be used later for autofill. 

5. Focus the email input on a desktop device and type some text. 

> You can see the URL of your app when you click **Fullscreen** ![The Fullscreen icon](/images/glitch/fullscreen.svg. If you stored any email addresses in your browser, you probably see a dialog that lets you select from those stored emails. This happens because the `autocomplete="username"` attribute applied to the email input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the URL of your app when you click **Fullscreen** ![The Fullscreen icon](/images/glitch/fullscreen.svg). If you stored any email addresses in your browser, you probably see a dialog that lets you select from those stored emails. This happens because the `autocomplete="username"` attribute applied to the email input.
```

* `autocomplete="username"` and `autocomplete="current-password"` help browsers use 
stored values to autofill the inputs.

{% Aside %}

> For email inputs, use `autocomplete="username"`because `username` is recognized 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For email inputs, use `autocomplete="username"` because `username` is recognized 
```
Missing a space

Author: Will fix.

by password managers in modern browsers, even though you should use `type="email"`, 
and you may want to use `id="email"` and `name="email"`.
{% endAside %}

Different browsers use [different techniques](/sign-in-form-best-practices/#password-managers:~:text=Browser%20password%20and%20autofill%20systems%20are%20not%20simple) 
to work out the role of form inputs and provide autofill for a range of 
different websites. 

> You can try this yourself when you add and remove attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try this out for yourself by adding and removing attributes.
```
This rephrasing changes it from a clear instruction to more of a conditional/hypothetical phrasing

Author: Will fix and make more direct.

to work out the role of form inputs and provide autofill for a range of 
different websites. 

> Add and remove attributes to try this yourself.

Author: Revised this line to make it sound required.

> It's extremely important to test behavior across platforms. You should enter values 

Author: Changed "behaviour" to "behavior" for U.S. audience.

}
```

4. Try the show password logic now. 

a. View your app. 

> b.Enter some text in the password field.

Reviewer: These don't render correctly:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4713486/100960944-2bf42b80-34d6-11eb-870c-bdab801e9c26.png)

Please fix throughout the post by indenting like this:

```
4. Try the show password logic
   a. View your app
   b. Enter

  function handleFormSubmission(event) {
    event.preventDefault();
    validatePassword();
    form.reportValidity();
    if (form.checkValidity() === false) {
    } else {
      // On a production site do form submission.
      alert('Logging in!')
      signinButton.disabled = 'true';
    }
  }
  ```

4. Try it! 

   All recent browsers have built-in features for form validation and 
   support validation with JavaScript.

   a. Enter an invalid email address and click **Sign in**. The browser displays a warning—no JavaScript required!

   b. Enter a valid email address, but then click **Sign in** without a password value. The browser warns that you missed a required value and sets focus on the 
      password input.

   c. Enter an invalid password and click **Sign in**. Now you see different messages depending on what's wrong. 

5. Try different ways to help users enter email addresses and passwords. [Better password form fields](https://aerotwist.com/blog/better-password-form-fields/) 
   offers some clever suggestions.

   Here's how your code should look at this point:

  {% Glitch {
    id: 'sign-in-form-codelab-5',

>     path: 'style.css',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    path: 'style.css',
    previewSize: 0,
```

}
```

4. Try it! 

All recent browsers have built-in features for form validation and 
support validation with JavaScript.

a. Enter an invalid email address and click **Sign in**. The browser displays a warning—no JavaScript required!

b. Enter a valid email address, but then click **Sign in** without a password value. The browser warns that 
you missed a required value and sets focus on the password input.

c. Enter an invalid password and click **Sign in**. Now you see different 

> messages depending on what's wrong. 

Reviewer: Needs indentation as explained before
